I think this is a good place to stop and have a look at how data or information travels in a vuejs
application.
We got a couple of components here, a parent and three child components,
now generally if we want to reach out from one child to the other, that does not work because our communication
is uni-directional which means it only travels from parent to children or from children to the parent
but not from a child to another child.
So instead we have to take the route that our parent gives us some method we can execute, when we execute
this method provided by the parent,
it was provided via prop, this will run in the parent.
Alternatively, we would use a custom event to which the parent listened, listens,
that is also possible
and then the parent can pass the updated data to the child number three. This is this uni-directional data
flow
I was talking about.